if you want to rank higher on google you
know you need backlinks but if you just
email a lot of random sites asking them
to link to you what happens they ignore
your emails they never link back to you
and your rankings stay flat and they
never go to page one
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how you can find
the ideal backlink
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
first off what i want you to do is go to
google and search for any keyword that
you want to rank for so let's say i want
to rank for the term seo company
the first thing i would do is go and see
who ranks at the top
one of the sites and i would avoid home
pages so look for websites that have
internal pages ranking the reason being
is when a site ranks at the top and it's
their home page a lot of times the
people that link to that
you know home page most likely won't
link to you
i also wouldn't look at any domain name
where the keyword is the domain name so
i typed in seo company number one is
seo.com even though the domain name
isn't seocompany.com it's close enough
it's a little bit biased so i would
scroll down and look for other urls that
are ranking and i look at the specific
urls here's one this one is
ignitevisibility.com
services seo so i'll click on it
and then what i want you to do is go to
neilpatel.com
backlinks right again neopatel.com
backlinks and then type in the url of
the specific page that's ranking at the
top and then in the drop down i want you
to click on url exact url
and then click search
and this will pull up a report in uber
suggests that shows you all the people
that are linking to that url and over
time it shows you is it gaining you
links or is it losing links
and you can even see on a daily basis
how many are gained how many are lost
this page is losing anywhere from one to
two links a day and gaining one to two
links a day
what's interesting is as you scroll down
you'll start seeing a list of all the
urls that are more so websites that are
linking to this url
and i filtered the links the first
filter i do is it shows all links i
click on follow because any link that is
a nofollow and i'm going to show you it
here
these links don't really pass juice
compared to the ones that click are that
are more so follow
i also have highlighted here one link
per domain if i unhighlight this
it loads a new report that just shows
all the links
i avoid doing that i'm more so like
looking at all the links from specific
unique domains and the reason being is
if one website links to a url 10 20
times it's not as effective as having a
hundred links from a hundred different
domains versus you know a hundred links
from ten unique domains so make sure you
keep the one link per domain highlighted
and then i want you to click on the
arrow next to the source
and this will load up in urls or in more
other tabs of all the
you know people and urls linking to that
site and i keep doing it you know some
of them look like short urls like i ft
dot tt so i'm ignore that this one
doesn't look like that great of a url
blog five
um you know same with those it keeps
scrolling until i find good ones uh
econo times that looks legit
let's see keep going down just web world
and i'm looking for all the people that
are linking
to
that competitor url that's ranking high
up
and it's really simple i'll make a list
of all the sites and there's tons of
them
right and i look for the content rich
ones anything that's not content rich i
tend to ignore
here's one on uc davis this is a college
site that's cool
kenja
this url is no longer live so you can
close that one but i'll go through i'll
make a list and right now we have one
two
three four so we have four decent ones
and what i'll do is i'll simply send
them an email
right so this right here
this post is by let's see who it's by
i'm trying to see all right it doesn't
say who it's by but i would just shoot
them an email and you can find their
email by just going to their contact
page
or what i like doing is
i use a tool called hunter dot io
and then i'll put in the url so this is
econo times or econo i think i'm saying
that right
so
and then i'll put that into hunter
and it'll show me all the email
addresses that um there are for that
website and i'll email them
now when i'm doing this
with hunter it doesn't cost money you
can sign up for a free account but if
you want to sign up for a paid account
you can do so as well and then i would
just shoot him all emails saying like
let's say this person's name is
i'm making it up you know bob at econo
times i'll say hey bob i noticed you
wrote an article on the three web skills
that every modern employee should have
and i noticed you linked out to ignite
visibility i have a similar site but
mine covers a b and c that theirs didn't
and it'll help your visitors with a b
and c or one two and three
and the more detailed you go and then
you say hey
feel free to check it out here if you
like it feel free to link out to me
that's it you'll send out a hundred of
these emails and you'll find that
majority of people will still ignore you
but you can get around three to five or
six links
and if you do that every week and you
send out a hundred emails
i know that sounds like a lot of work
but trust me if you do that for a few
months your rankings will start going up
it's tedious but it works it's simple
anyone can do it and i would do the same
thing and i would just make sure you
google the keyword and just like how we
did for ignite
visibility then i may go to the next url
this one is thrive agency
so thrive agency i may end up clicking
on this and then go back to ubersuggest
and i would just put in the url
and just make sure you have url selected
here exact url click search
same thing a report loads up you can see
that they're building links over time
you can see how many they're gaining or
losing per day and i'll go through the
same ones like i may go through
local.yahoo
uh some of these euros look a little bit
spammy i would ignore them
denver marketing firm
looks okay not great um
and i would just keep scrolling until i
find the ones that i like and i would
just reach out and see if they're open
to linking and sometimes you'll put in a
url you may not find a lot of great
links but it's just a pure numbers game
here's mine and i'm using this strategy
to rank myself it's tedious it's
exhausting but it works most people
don't get rankings and get the links
they want because they're too lazy to
put in the effort now if you have any
questions when it comes to link building
you can always leave a comment below and
i'll do my best to answer and help you
out if you enjoyed this video feel free
and like it share it if you just want my
team to do your link building for you
check out my ad agency neil patel
digital thank you for your time